xbmc- mib
radiotray- mib
xscreensaver- main-backports main-updates main-release
xscreensaver-common- main-backports main-updates main-release
mozilla-thunderbird- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ru- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-ru- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-af- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ar- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-ar- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-si- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-id- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-pa_IN- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-tr- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-tr- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-vi- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-vi- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-be- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-bg- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ca- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-ca- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-cs- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-cs- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-da- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-de- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-de- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-el- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-el- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-en_GB- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-es_AR- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-es_ES- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-es- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-et- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-et_EE- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-eu- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-lt- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ka- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-fy- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-gl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-is- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-sq- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ga- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-fi- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-fi- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-fr- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-fr- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-he- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-hu- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-hu- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-it- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-it- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ja- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-ja- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ko- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-ko- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-nl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-nl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-nb_NO- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-nb- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-nn_NO- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-pl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-pl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-pt_BR- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-pt_PT- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-pt- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-pt_BR- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-ro- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-sk- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-sl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-sl- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-sr- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-sv_SE- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-sv- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-uk- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-zh_CN- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-zh_TW- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-zh_CN- mib
mozilla-thunderbird-enigmail-zh_TW- mib
remmina- contrib-backports
remmina-gnome- contrib-backports
remmina-plugins- contrib-backports
remmina-xfce- contrib-backports
